Document Python builtin types (#7849)
cython/cython: docs/src/userguide/language_basics.rst

e.g. ``unsigned int`` (``cython.uint`` in Python code):

        .. csv-table:: C Numeric types
            :file: numeric_types.csv
            :header-rows: 1
            :class: longtable

> and builtin python types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and builtin Python types:
```

> and builtin Python types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

        .. csv-table:: Python builtin types
            :file: python_types.csv
            :header-rows: 1

>             :class: longtable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

whereas ``x[0]`` is.

Also, the Python types ``list``, ``dict``, ``tuple``, etc. may be used for

> static typing, their specialized versions using subscripts and as well as any user defined :ref:`extension-types`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
static typing (including their specialized versions with subscripted item types),
as well as any user defined :ref:`extension-types`.
```

            def main():
                foo: list = []
                bar: list[str] = ['Monty', 'Python']

    .. group-tab:: Cython

        .. code-block:: cython

            cdef list foo = []
            cdef list[str] bar = ['Monty', 'Python']

> This requires an *exact* match of the class, it does not allow subclasses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These declarations require an *exact* match of the class, they do not allow subclasses.
```
